## jQuery

### Study only these tags!

-   **Effects** (functions to do some cool animation effects)
    -   .hide()
    -   .show()
    -   .toggle()
    -   .slideUp()
    -   .slideDown()
    -   .slideToggle()
    -   .fadeOut()
    -   .fadeIn()
-   **CSS** (adding or removing a class for any HTML element/DOM)
    -   .addClass()
    -   .removeClass()
    -   .css()
-   **Manipulation** (retrieving or setting value or text in any HTML element)
    -   .after()
    -   .append()
    -   .prepend()
    -   .attr()
    -   .before()
    -   .html()
    -   .text()
    -   .val()
-   **Events** (functions to handle an event)
    -   .click()
    -   .on()
    -   .live() - deprecated (JQuery 1.7)
    -   .hover()

Note that for the **manipulation** jQuery functions, there are few distinctions to make. The functions **.html()** and **.text()** are different in a key way: **.html()** can be used to insert new HTML markup, meaning new HTML tags. **.text()** is used to get or set just the **text** value of an **HTML element**. For instance, you could use **.text()** to change the text of a paragraph, but if you want to put an ordered list inside of the paragraph, you need to use **.html()** to insert the appropriate tags into the paragraph.

Similarly, **.append()** and **.html()** do nearly the same thing; they both can alter the HTML content of the selected item. The function **.append** will **add** markup to the element in question, whereas **.html()** will **overwrite** the markup with whatever is run inside the parentheses. So keep in mind that if you want to **add** content, use **.append()**, but if you want to **replace** content, use **.html()**./).


### Extra topics to review

#### Callback functions
#### Tablesorter

-   A jQuery Plugin that allows you to sort table data. It's an awesome tool!
-   [https://mottie.github.io/tablesorter/docs/](https://mottie.github.io/tablesorter/docs/)

#### Tipped

-   Tipped allows you to easily create beautiful tooltips using the jQuery Javascript library.
-   [http://projects.nickstakenburg.com/tipped](http://projects.nickstakenburg.com/tipped)

#### Tipsy
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbNzEzNTE0Mjc0LC0yMDI0NzYyMjk0LDkwNz
kwMTUyNF19
-->