### [Chrome redirects .dev to https](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47768289/chrome-redirects-dev-to-https)
> For Firefox: you can disable the property **network.stricttransportsecurity.preloadlist** by visiting the address : **about:config** .

> For Chrome, there is no solution, I think it's hardcoded in the source code.

 > See that article : [How to prevent Firefox and Chrome from forcing dev and foo domains to use https](https://tutoref.com/how-to-prevent-firefox-and-chrome-from-forcing-dev-and-foo-domains-to-use-https/)

### [Set Up NGINX for HTTPS](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-create-a-self-signed-ssl-certificate-for-nginx-in-ubuntu-18-04)

### Had to move dhparam.pem
from `/etc/ssl/certs/dhparam.pem` to `/etc/nginx/dhparam.pem`

### letsencrypt set up
https://letsencrypt.org/getting-started/
https://certbot.eff.org/lets-encrypt/ubuntubionic-nginx

> IMPORTANT NOTES:
>  - Congratulations! Your certificate and chain have been saved at:
   /etc/letsencrypt/live/superlists-staging.jdhanna.dev/fullchain.pem
   Your key file has been saved at:
   /etc/letsencrypt/live/superlists-staging.jdhanna.dev/privkey.pem
   Your cert will expire on 2020-03-31. To obtain a new or tweaked
   version of this certificate in the future, simply run certbot
   again. To non-interactively renew *all* of your certificates, run
   "certbot renew"
>  - Your account credentials have been saved in your Certbot
   configuration directory at /etc/letsencrypt. You should make a
   secure backup of this folder now. This configuration directory will
   also contain certificates and private keys obtained by Certbot so
   making regular backups of this folder is ideal.
* changed path in /etc/nginx/snippets/self-signed.conf

### More Debugging Tips and Commands

A few more places to look and things to try, now that we’ve introduced Gunicorn and Systemd into the mix, should things not go according to plan:

-   You can check the Systemd logs using `sudo journalctl -u gunicorn-superlists-staging.ottg.eu`.
    
-   You can ask Systemd to check the validity of your service configuration: `systemd-analyze verify /path/to/my.service`.
    
-   Remember to restart both services whenever you make changes.
    
-   If you make changes to the Systemd config file, you need to run `daemon-reload` before `systemctl restart` to see the effect of your changes.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTUyMTMyMjIzMCwtMTU1MDc3NDA0OCwtMT
AwMzgzNDg0NywtMTUxNjIwNTQ1LDE0ODIyNjgxMTUsLTIwNzA3
ODg2ODksNDU2NDA3MTQzLC01OTEyOTQ0NDJdfQ==
-->